# About Map Of The Human Body
This is a React web application that showcases an interactive map of the human body - this includes anatomical components, major physiological systems, prevalent diseases and treatments, and a discussion forum. The anatomical components (organs, bones, and muscles) are displayed on an interactive diagram - clicking a component will highlight its location in the body, display an enlarged image, and provide information regarding its anatomy and function. Each physiological system includes an image and a comprehensive description about its overall function and processes that take place. Similarly, each disease includes an image and a comprehensive description about its effect on the body, how it is contracted, and effective treatments. The discussion forum allows users to create any health-related post, add comments, and like/dislike posts and comments. This project utilizes a JSON server to store discussion data (posts, comments, likes, and dislikes) and includes organized and easy-to-read React components.
# How To Run Map Of The Human Body
You must have a Node version that can run Node version 18.20.8. After downloading the project folder, navigate to the project root directory and run the "npm install" command in the terminal to install the required dependencies to run this project (creates the "node_modules" folder and stores the dependencies there). Afterwards, run the "npm run start" command in the terminal to start a local development server and preview the React web application in a browser. In a separate terminal, run the "npx json-server --watch data/db.json --port 8000" command - this will enable communication between the website and the database.
